So we are on our way now -
So now we're going to the mall so that we can return tiny shoes her disruptors, it's not what they're for
And pick up our nameplate necklaces cuz I'm mama got a psyche retro 90s name planes
So I got one and tiny got one. So we're gonna pick those up and then we're gonna head back to the house
I really wanted to ride the peloton tonight, but also
wear my hair setup
So we just picked up our name plates this is mine
And then here's Chinese. I
Hope you can tell by our other gold but hers has like a bigger plate on the back of it and then beeps xpy
We're at the store and he was like I want wok emolia
so now he made me come to my most favourite place in the world you
Know this I hate this place. Thank you
Excuse me
Shall we sleep like this? He's but oh, oh no, sissy
Look at you
You know juicy
Don't take that shit from her
Happy Mondays, what's around 1:30? We are just running some adulting errands
So you guys know that our seat broke? Oh, we got our sink fix, but now guess what our washers broke
It's only like six months old so we have that scheduled appointment for tomorrow, but we're just running errands today
So we got to go to Publix
Petsmart and
Depot or filters. Don't be a grown up
Boy beads being a nice guy
So why the hell is Home Depot so packed we park way back there I
Can't get air filters but Beavis doesn't earned on which dimensions we need
Check to adulting known how to go home
Put my pajamas back on and eat like some chicken tenders and drink like every cousin or something like that
No, I'm gonna drink water
I'll show you. That's it. All he drinks is water
So I'm just trying to drink water which I feel like has like skin. You know, you remember those breakout days people
Help it does a lot in muskiness five years younger than it actually is
So it's super cold out, I mean not super cold but for Florida, it's cold, it's like 50 degrees I get it
It's like two degrees negative degrees where some of y'all are from but your girls from Florida. So 50 degrees is cold
So any excuse I have to drink hot chocolate. I'm gonna take it
It could be like 68 degrees and I'm still gonna make hot chocolate
So I got this new milk
It's hazelnut and I thought that it might be good with
Hot chocolate so I'm gonna put this in my little milk frother
To warm up the milk and then I'll let you know how it is
So, I've never had hazelnut milk before so shall we
It's very nutty
But I'm into it tastes really good
So we've just left to go watch the Viking game because I don't know if I told you guys he has like a super
Superstition that if you watch us it here
They lose and honestly every single time he has watched the game here and lost so he has to leave
I hate when footballs on Monday nights because he leaves so late. It's like the games at like 8:15
But he said he's only going till halftime, which we'll see we know how wrapped up he gets in the Vikings game
So I'm about to get on the peloton. I pulled my hamstring on it
Well, I don't actually even know if I pulled my hamstring on the actual peloton itself or if I pulled my hamstring from bowling
Yes, I was a very intense bowler. Ok, I got 5 strikes
On my last game that we played four games in five strikes two strikes back-to-back. I was on it
But I definitely pulled something in my late. But so my leg was Superstore from that and then I got on the peloton
so
I don't know if the peloton just kind of
Amped it up a notch or what so I haven't been on the bike in like three days
But I'm like itching ticket on it
So he just left so I'm gonna get a little quick 30-minute ride in
Take a shower
And then tomorrow we are going to Licata which is the Med Spa that I go to
Because your girl that I got a little bit of Botox. Okay, like my wrinkle is like coming back hardcore right here
I haven't gotten Botox Botox like a good treatment and probably
Over a year I feel like because I don't get Botox that often the times that you've seen me done it I've kind of done
It to lower my brow. A lot of people do it to lift their brows, but I do it to lower mine
So I'm gonna get on this bike get in the shower. We got the bike and
Vanderpump, we write it up like I am legit dripping sweat. So I'm gonna be in the shower
And I will see you guys
tomorrow I
Mean it so it's around. Okay, it's not the morning. It's around 12:45. I'm on my way to my mom's house
I forgot to bring my mouse. I don't even trust that moment. You guys like I'm
No, we're not gonna use that. Melon this part. I need to get a new mount
But I'm off to get some Botox because your girl
Needs it and we might get a little jaw line filler. We're gonna discuss the options. Let's see what they say
Okay, I got him in Lane three. Oh shit
So I put a little numbing cream on I might be a little filler here because I feel like it's a little flex I told
You guys that my under eyes? I feel like they were a little full so I might get a lower E in this area
so
To give you more of this right and then a little yes a little yeah
Anything
Like me well you
Want to do a little dance for the people
Baby so they're actually the least painful of anything
It's just crunchy sounding but it doesn't really hurt. You would think that's what everybody says and you think that it's really good
It's the least painful thing she's done so far. Yeah, she's crunchy. He's like
Okay
So I am sculpted. I'm super swollen the lady that does my filler is super conservative
So I'm not worried that it's gonna be too intense. She just told me like you're gonna be swollen
Don't freak yourself out, which I'm already doing
Like I'm already like oh my god, but like I said the lady that does my filler is super
Duper duper conservatives. This is the first time I've ever got like my whole chief done
I've gotten it once to where it was like a rate on my ball, and I've never got my whole cheek done
It's just in my whole cheek. And then she did my jaw
which I'm
super into that and then she put a little tiny bit right here because my jaw my chin was uneven on one side and I
swear to God
I was other person I notice that and she notices so like I said, I'm not paranoid that it's gonna be too much
I just know that I'm swollen, and I know that I need to chill the fuck out because
I'm like freaking myself out a little bit. It looks like I'm gonna get a little bruised here, but
I think you okay and the swelling's are gonna go down. Okay
She said it's gonna be a couple days, but the swelling will go away. And again, she's with me not to freak myself out
Like I'm doing so I'm gonna go home and chill out. My face doesn't hurt or anything. I'm really into this jawline, bitch
So I'm off to my mom's. It's pretty early
I'm gonna run over there really quick because she's actually leaving for New York tomorrow because her and my tea
I have never well, my mom has been but my fee has never been to New York
So I'm sending them like extra bougie style. I got them like first-class tickets like a suite and like all the good stuff
I also got them Aladdin tickets cuz I wanted to go see a show
so I actually got the tickets sent here because I was like
I don't know if these old-ass they do they'll be able to use their phone and stuff like this
So I'm gonna go drop these tickets off at mom's house and then come home
because the guy that supposed to be fixing our washer is gonna come today, so
Yeah, and I'm not mounting you in the car cuz I'm not risking breaking you even though you're the old one and I shouldn't care
The new one is somewhere in this sea of boxes that needs to be open, which we'll get to later
but yeah, I just want to get a new mount because I feel like that one is like extra risky and it always kind of
focus you
see this camera is
Not living its best life I need to get a new car mount because I just don't trust that other one
I feel like it's just too old and the Sun like the heat like fucked it up. So going to drop off mom's tickets
There's three of them cuz it's my mom my Tia and then one of my mom told me that lives in, New York
So I'm gonna go do that and then I will see you guys a little bit later
Almost off well, good morning
As you can see my face is a little Bruce today the great in this area. I
Feel like I'm just like self tanner on my neck, but I'm getting ready to hit the palate on it's like one
We have dinner tonight with benefit. So I want to get my little ride in I wasn't gonna ride and don't mind my headband
I just couldn't find any like workout ones and I broke this guy, so I need it. So hold my hair back
So I wanted to get a riding because I'm not sure what time I'm gonna be home
Yesterday was a killer as in a 45-minute class and I I hit like 12 miles
But I'm not trying to do a 45-minute class today. Okay?
Uh-huh
You don't
We had almost eight miles in today
Okay, so they're on our way
To have lunch girl. We're not having lunch. We're having dinner with benefit
So I will see you guys maybe when we get there. Maybe when I get home it's about
420 now and it's gonna take me like an hour to get there. I've never been here. We're going to like a speakeasy. So
Yeah, I will see you guys there in a little bit. So just got home. I solve all my jewelry
I don't everything which I need to take off. Obviously. I've switched already into my cozy clothes because that they're doing a class
so when each of us is writing we try not to
Interrupt the other person so we try to like act like we're not even here
Cuz it's like I'm gonna be like in the zone and I have no distractions. So I'm gonna take off my makeup and then
probably get into the bed because it's almost nine o'clock and
I'm an old lady. Clearly. You can tell by my cardigan. I'll live on the tag and see if I can
See who it is
And then I'll put that in the rundown down below and if you didn't know what the rundown is in all my vlogs
I put a rundown in the bottom bar that kind of answers all your questions
I think you might have liked what shirt I'm wearing what glasses I'm wearing with earrings. I'm wearing things like that
I try to include them down below
So make sure you check the rundown because I spent a lot of time typing that shit out. So I'll see you guys tomorrow
I need to film a video and we got new guns. So we have to pick those up on Friday
I understand that that might seem weird but Florida
It's not weird to have guns
So we might have the shooting range on Friday as well what you see how like the day goes?
So I will see you guys bright and early tomorrow. Well, maybe not like too bright, but I'll see you tomorrow
Let's not bad on camera when I show it. I feel like she can't really pick up the rain, but it's pouring
It's black out
Oh, she's a big lady oh
Okay, you want your close-up? Okay
Got the nose check
Can I get back to vloggy?
Okay, don't don't snatch your momma
They really like to smell faces, it's funny Oh, sir
He got me this morning to a little shit
Looks like three so I'm gonna go see tiny check on her make sure she's good. It's a shitty overcast day
So it finally stopped raining
so I'm gonna go check on her and take her a
Mexican Street corn salad, it's my most favorite salad of life
I try to eat one of these like every single day cuz it's that damn good
I'm gonna go check on her make sure she's good. All the pets are good
Make sure she has like money just in case she wants order like pizza just like go be a mom for a little bit
Boxey tornado for you, it's too little for you. Oh
Boy
So I got some PF Changs and I know
Knock creaking I've not seen you guys all day because I've just been in my cocoon editing mode. I look like a troll
Not surprised. So this was like 90% of the time so I edited Monday and Tuesday's video today
I've been up since about 7 o'clock
So I wanted to get like an early start so I had enough time to finish both videos and still upload
So the upload just went up it is
6:30 now
So I'm about to
Jump on the peloton get a ride in because I took yesterday off because I think I told you guys that just like my butt
In our area was just like super duper sore
so I took a day off, but I'm about to jump back on the bike and then take a shower and
Take my old ass asleep, because I'm tired. I feel like I'm getting sick like listen to my voice
So I'm gonna take some
Emergency and it feels like nose things that I feel like really stop you from getting sick. I think they're from airborne
And then use those like Vicks things in the shower
To clear it up. It could just be allergies though because I still have pretty bad allergies
and I know y'all see all those boxes over there like
We got our washing machine fixed today, which is good we got our washing machine fixed today, so it's not alike
So I'm gonna hop on the bike and I will see you guys tomorrow
We're supposed to be go gating. We're supposed to be going to get more ear piercings tomorrow, but we shall see
So we are off to
Sitting in the car much everything anything so seat belts on yeah, but we are off to get some more ear piercings
I'm gonna meet Rayna and hope there. I think we're just gonna get another low piercing
Nothing crazy. I
mean, that's the plan but
See how that goes
Show me the back of your phone who's on your phone
You sir
Poison oh, it's me. And who else?
So I am look you can see yourself
Helping with distracting you okay? So I was like I'll leave you hanging
I didn't like to be super. Oh
That okay, that one's really nice
Fucking hint hurts Oh him hurts. Oh, she's spicy. Oh she is
Yeah
crying
Sigh, oh just got home. It's like 5:30 or
6 I don't know what time it is. It's a process there and he doesn't take his appointments
So if you guys ever vote to him and just know that you're gonna be there for a long
But it's worth it
So I just got like I said my third hole and then I got another helix piercing just cuz I felt like this ear
Was missing out because the other here at it, so I'm gonna take my makeup off
I was thinking about getting on the peloton, but I think I'm gonna take today off too
Because last time I got my fresh ear piercings and I rode
my ears felt like
super
spicy they just I feel like they hurt more like there was like a lot of blood rushing and just thinking favors a lot of
Throbbing going on. So I'm just gonna let them chill today. I think I'm done with my ear piercings I have
Eleven, I think I have eleven now, so
Hopefully I'm done
This hair says a bitch ain't clean in the house
I don't know what hair would say that so it's just been a shitty like overcast day. I
So sorry, I pulled my neck or did something on the Palatine x-ray like it's sore to touch here
Or maybe I was just like too tense riding, but I've just been cleaning opening hella boxes
I finally tackled but the majority of the boxes that were at the front door a lot of them were Christmas
gifts and a bunch of more boxes just came to open all of these we have to go to
Publix and Whole Foods I think today
Careful also juicy hurt his foots
He's been limping around but they said it's probably just a sprain and just to have him take it easy
it's been super shitty like just raining non-stop for the past like three days like
No one's even trying to leave their house like for real
So I've just been doing a lot of cleaning. So I'm gonna just finish doing like some house stuff and
Hopefully, I'll see you guys a little bit I gotta remember to vlog I gotta remember
I have a tank top on and it's January 2nd. I think today every second we are on our way to get a facial
here
I'm still going it to that golden glow next. Ah, I get a hydro facial
But there's 130 now, I'm gonna go get this facial and then probably come home and do laundry me
You know like I got facial yesterday bitch what I
Really am obsessed with my facialist. She's at
Golden Globe Med Spa
So if you guys are ever looking for like a bomb-ass hydro facial i'm gonna put her in the bottom bar. It's not sponsored
I pay for my Hydra facials. Don't get it twisted
But she was really good. Like look look at this skin. Like I don't have anything on it like warhead Oh shiny forehead
Too nice
So I took out all my Christmas decorations yesterday is just looking
Barren in the house. It's a little sadder
Junie she's not threw me out
She knows she talks a lot and I haven't put any up like my other decorations out
You have to clean everything like dusted and all that jazz
So I just took all the Christmas decorations down again, so he knows I got a deal at the tomorrow
and do y'all see this skin like I just
You know, my skin has been on the struggle bus for a while
I obviously think it's because the amount of water that I drink I drink like 96 ounces of water a day
I've got a little red spot
On my nose, okay
All right, we also leave for a cabo with fresh Beauty in like
Three days or something on you know, it's days are third. I think we leave on the eighth
So there's that and then we go to LA like a couple days after that. So January is actually a super busy month
I'm gonna try to film a video either later tonight or tomorrow like two videos that I have
Some like content to put up for the king new year
so I'm just gonna drink this coffee wait for my guide to text me back and then I can actually like figure out with the
Help or actually I do for the day. I also put out all my regular decorations that are usually on this little
Credenza thing and like I love you crystals
But it's just not the same like my Christmas trees. I also feel like me and Eve should recreate this picture
I just like one of the first pictures we've ever like we ever took together and then like our most recent picture
But I feel like we sure we create this one. I was like, who is that man?
Good morning
So it is it is
What is today I think today is Monday today's Monday say, it's Monday today is Monday
It's Monday's Monday's my name you leave from Mexico tomorrow. We're going with fresh Beauty
So I was just kind of getting my outfits together
I like to try out everything before we leave because I don't want any surprises when I'm in a different country
Like oh I know do I bring this outfit? I don't even like it
so I like to try all my outfits on just to make sure everything looks cute and I feel comfortable and good make sure I
Have the right bras because I have boobs
So I just can't wear one brawl for all my look so I gotta make sure have all my bras and everything put together
I know one time we talked about me
Thinking about getting a breast reduction
and I think that I'm just going to live in the body that I was born with because
Elective surgery it's one thing to have surgery which is super scary on its own and it's another thing to have
elective surgery and I just don't I don't know like I'm
Kind of just feeling a little more confident in myself lately. Um
Their boobs I have them. Let's just embrace what I was given so
That's on the back burner
I just wanted to let you guys know that because I have seen a couple of you asking me about it
So yeah
I just wanted to say that I kind of put that on the back burner for now and just kind of
Embracing what I got. I want to see like if I you know really work out strong and eat healthy if
Like don't just get a little smaller on their own because that's just like a lot of fat like in your boob, you know
Should you get out of the sink big boy out of the sink out of the sink?
Gesine
That's probably where I think broke up cuz we got a damn 20 pound cat
That's not why it broke. He was a baby when it broke. I mean, they're still babies, but he's just so like massive, baby
Here's one baby to go get a haircut
Mmm, oh my god. I was realize I have to go for days in Mexico without my coffee
Jesus spin I need to take a shower get myself a blowout and I also need to get myself a spray tan because we are
looking a little
ghostly girl I have like a little machine here that I'm just like well sprayed scaring myself with because it's just
Easier than going in getting one in spray, Wisconsin girl. I don't know I got time for that
so it's like 11:00 or so in the morning and
I'm sure I'll see you at some point today
I just got to charge you up because you're looking a little bit need to watch a little like Housewives of Vanderpump Wow
Pack my laundry girl. What are you talking about? So Beautyblender actually sent this carry-on, which is from a way
It's really cute pink. It has a lot of room in it. I love when they have like
Zips that close it cuz I feel like it just hold your clothes and more secure. I don't forgot
There's like a bunch of beauty blenders in here for me to speak to and this also is a charger for your suitcase
Has a portable charger
When you're on the go, which is great cuz you know, you're literally just always on your phone
Are you gonna be okay with mom and pop leaves?
Are you gonna be okay, yeah
Are you gonna be okay?
Tonight is such a person cat like she loves being around people like our other three cats are like hey, yeah, you're cool
We love you, but we're going to sleep twenty thousand feet away from you
Tuna is like
Tooms is always with you like she is basically like a baby shadow. She's just here
Non-stop, and I'm here for it. It only took us getting four cats for one to want to be around us 24/7
Like I said, don't get me wrong our other cats. They love us
But toons toons as a human toons is like a little pup Junie
Your mom-and-pop gotta go to town for a few days I
know you
Need a brush little ma'am can mom brush you don't that?
Not billowy. So I just finished giving myself a blowout. I gave myself a spray tan. I don't know if you can tell
obviously, I'm a little more tan so it's about
917 right now you just need to go grab something to eat
I'm gonna put the fresh sheets on the bed cuz I don't know if you guys own this but we like to like wash the
Sheets before we go out of town so that when I come home
I like nice and clean even though we're in Seattle tonight. And then you know already know we're gonna watch Vanderpump rules
So I will see you guys bright and early
One final
Blue and orange are used to us traveling so they're kind of like
In their areas, but orange and sooner annoyed
It's a little chilly out
So we are off to Cabo San Lucas, I will see you guys at the airport
Let's just queue like the traveling montage
Concentrate hydrate hey oil. This is not molecules to make a minute or better you are going to be greasy and all up am I?
Perfect first mothers to push in
Which I'll be talking yeah and then seals with by perfect
So now I think I have like a 15 minute journey back so that satellite can I borrow one of his golf cart anybody?
So we just got back to the room there was a little
Box this little guy, so I thought we could open it and see
What?
Is in here I look so sleepy. But all I want is a TRO of Sandwich and
Then the star is the Lotus you preserve dream face cream
So I'm actually gonna take my makeup off
And I think they're coming to the room to like it was like a mini fish
And put the psycho on and like rolled it on the skin
So I'm gonna take my makeup off so that I'm ready when they come
And I'm an order at Euro ice cream of all
14 it's like 8 o'clock right now. I have to head down to do some yoga. I've never done yoga before
So I'm kind of nervous. They said it was intermediate as well. Not even beginner
As you can see Biebs is not accompanying me to yoga
so you just
Well not we we as in me just finished yoga. Now we have a little bit of
free turn
Consider we have lunch which is that like a taco truck
Summers in the chill. I might get in the plunge pool, but I think it's hot so
So we are getting ready to hit dinner we're going up to I think it's called four farms which is like an organic farm
so everything that they serve there is
Stuff that's a farm grows itself. So I think it's like a 30-minute ride
There that's the only time we're like leaving in their resorts. And then I think we're just coming back
After that much. I'm not too sure. I took a nap so
And we're starting dinner it's like if you want to make sure we can catch this homicide it's all yes this
Is life to show you how to do the nice weather explode
You wanna pick one like be a song more Peter?
camera died mid
Dreamcatcher making so I just wanted to show you guys my finished
Dreamcatcher, which I'm very proud of okay, first dreamcatcher ever look at if you look up close you can tell it's hot first five
I'm very proud of it. I'm gonna hang this we go home. Hopefully our kittens
Don't try to tear it down because we had the one hanging over the bed, but then we got the baby kittens and they done
Snatched it down. So we have dinner tonight, which is like in a couple of hours down on the beach again and
That's it and then we go home tomorrow it's gonna be a long traveling day tomorrow we don't get home until like midnight or something
Hello, good morning. We are back in Florida. I got two bookable. I didn't get to work in house
I got a root canal and a tooth pulled on
Friday in LA and then we traveled home
Yesterday and yesterday I really didn't like to talk that much because my jaw was just a little sore. I feel a lot better today
so the reason that I had to get root canal and a
Tooth extracted. It was totally not planned
It's not like I went to LA to get that we actually went to LA to see our dentist to get
X-rays and impressions because me
And Biebs are getting veneers just because I don't have the greatest of teeth. So
Teeth like issues are pretty hereditary. Obviously, I brush my teeth twice a day
I've lost my teeth I have for years, but I've always had issues with grinding my teeth
I have TMJ. I always get a lot of cavities my grandma lost off teeth when she was like 17 my mom
Basically lost all her teeth teeths
Basically lost all her teeth after she gave
After she had my brother it just kind of runs in the family that we don't have like the greatest
Health of teeth. We have like very soft teeth like soft and am also they
get cavities really Easy's and I've always had like little gaps in my teeth and because of that the gap in the middle of my
Teeth which I've had for a long time
it's just been really small but it's a lot more noticeable now because I just think that my teeth are shifting because like I said,
They've never really touched on the side. Plus I have really tiny teeth for my mouth
So I wanted to get videos for a really long time, but I didn't want them to like change the appearance of my face
So I did a lot of research and I found dr
Sam Soleil which she's done a couple of like youtubers teeth and stuff, but that's like not why I'm going there. He's honestly
Just a genius. It's not like sponsored or comped or anything
I'm a firm believer and you know like you should pay for things because he's a true artist
And that's this line of work just because I have followers doesn't mean people should get things for free, honestly
We went there to get our impressions and x-rays. Like I said, and then dr. Slay was like, well, he's like
I had a root canal on this tooth and I lost the crown
So I didn't really have a tooth here and he was like you need to extract that and we'll do a bridge here
He's like and you need a root canal in this tooth
So I want you to go get those
Today so that she'll be fully healed by the time you come back in
We're going back in like 20 days to get our temporary veneers
He's like I want you to be fully healed. So he kind of just sprung those on me
it was not a plan to get a root canal and a fucking tooth extracted on Friday in LA cuz people are like why do
Bodily, it's good root canal. Like it wasn't in the books. It wasn't in the plan
I was like not mentally prepared for it. Honestly, like my fourth room to know or something like that, and I know everyone
Oh my god, you got to watch root cause but I've had hollow root canals and I've been okay, I think so yesterday
I don't really talk too much
And today I'm just opening some packages and just kind of rusting taking my antibiotics and shit like that
I didn't take any other pain pills because I don't know hydrocodone and shit like that scare me
But I'm super excited to get veneers
it's just gonna be nice not to have any issues with my teeth because I've always had like teeth issues like just tooth aches just
Because I have weak teeth. Yeah, I'm just gonna open some packages clean the house today do laundry
So I just wanted to update you guys on the teeth thing because I feel like I just was like hey
I'm getting a root canal and Boulevard and like what did you go to LA your roof now?
Maybe I'll see you guys a little bit later. I should publish our editing this vlog
Yeah, so I should probably start doing here
