All right, so I'm at the Toronto airport headed
to LA and I only have 10 items in this bag
that I'm traveling with.
I can't believe I'm doing this.
[music]
So I am going on a three day trip
to Los-Angeles and I wanna challenge myself
to bring only 10 items in my carry-on.
I'm gonna pick my bag first, I'm gonna get
to packing everything else.
I'm gonna lay everything out so I can show
you guys.
And if you're traveling on a three day even
week-long trip, month-long trip, I challenge
you to take as little as possible, even do
the 10 item challenge that I'm trying to do,
and uh, yeah, let - let's do this, let's get
packing.
This black bag is gonna be probably more practical
and more comfortable and I have more compartments
which I like.
And this one is more fashionable and we're
going to LA, so that's something to consider,
but I'm gonna go with the practical, more
comfortable bag, so I'm gonna fit everything
into this.
Goodbye, bags, see you on another trip.
So, the key here for packing is to bring items
of clothing that are one, fashionable, I am
going to LA but practical and versatile.
A - a t-shirt or a tank top would be good
and also something that would look good at
night time as well as during the day.
So, mh-hmm, mh-hmm, maybe that.
This is so hard, [laughs] this is always so
hard, the clothing part, 'cause you just wanna
like bring everything, 'cause you're like,
oh, I might - I might need this for that or
that, or that and then you end up not wearing
half of what you bring.
Decisions, decisions.
[music]
What do you think of the 10 item challenge?
What do you think, mhmm?
Any opinions?
You don't need any items, you're pretty much
naked.
I think that if you're - whatever you're wearing
shouldn't count.
10 items in the bag.
10 items in the bag, okay - okay.
But also don't like load your pockets, like
don't - don't like go nuts.
You know me well, I won't be sneaky.
Hair stuff and makeup, oh my god.
Maybe I can go like three days without washing
my hair.
I usually do that, so I don't need shampoo
and conditioner.
I guess I'm not flossing for three days.
Okay, I'm like at 20 items and I still need
shoes, doc martens, versatile right here.
these are really good quality, they're comfortable,
they're good for adventure, they look good
when you wear them well.
They look good with dresses,they look good
with pants, so I'm definitely bringing these.
And these don't count to the 10 items.
I guess.
Because you're gonna wear it, right?
Like whatever you're wearing doesn't count.
Right.
So I could bring another pair of shoes but
that will also count as one of my 10 items
or I could just use these and wear them all
the time and then I'd be able to bring something
else.
Yeah.
I need to like - I need to like just have
a moment to really make sure that I'm - everything
that I've laid out is what I - is good enough.
Good afternoon, thank you for calling Hotel
Maya, this is [?], how may I assist you?.
Hi, yeah, I'm staying with you um, for a few
nights and I'm just wondering what you guys
have like in terms of um, toiletries, like
do you have toothpaste or shampoos, conditioners
provided?
In the room that you're provided with shampoo
and conditioner, um, lotion and a bar soap.
Okay, and I'm I - do you guys have razors
or, uh, toothpaste or anything that I can
get up to my room?
I know some hotels offer that.
Oh, yeah, we have that at the front desk.
Okay, so you have toothpaste, razors, you
have toothbrushes or?
Yes, ma'am.
They have toothpaste at the hotel, so I don't
need toothpaste.
I'm gonna bring my own toothbrush even though
they do provide a toothbrush, I'm just gonna
bring my own.
Eyeliner and mascara, I wanna bring both.
Can I have my eyebrow pencil?
Okay, so I'm gonna ax the eyebrow pencil and
bring mascara and eyeliner.
A straightener [chuckles], thought we're getting like - is that 10 items?
That would already be 12, okay, so I'm not
gonna bring my toothbrush, 'cause they provide
them at the hotel.
I'm gonna bring my straightener.
I won't bring my brush, I'm gonna use my hand.
Um, damn, this is hard, really all I need
is a passport and I'm worried.
I'm gonna bring my hoodie, I love bringing
hoodies on a - on a trip just because it's
- it's comfortable.
I think we did it guys, I think I have 10
items.
Um, and it's making me feel really like uneasy
because I feel like it's so little and that
I'm going to need more, or I'm not gonna be
happy with what I'm bringing.
Uh, but I guess we'll find out because I'm
gonna do this anyway and see what happens.
A pair of underwear, my straightener, deodorant,
face moisturizer that can be used also as
lipgloss, a dress, a hoodie, a pair of tights,
a t-shirt, eyeliner, mascara.
All right, so this is it, these are my 10
items and I can't believe how fast it is going
to be to pack my bag.
Usually, it just takes a lot longer than like
10 seconds.
10 Items, 10 seconds, look at that, done.
Ready to go, that's ridiculous.
Let's go to LA.
All right, so I just got to my hotel room
in long beach California and I really want
to brush my teeth and I'm like oh, yeah, I
didn't bring a toothbrush but I can order
one from room service complimentary.
So I got the goods.
So, I got a toothbrush, it's not even like
a mini one, it's like a full-size toothbrush,
with little Colgate, they even gave me a razor
and Gillette.
All right, so I used the shampoo conditioner
that came with the hotel, it wasn't bad - wasn't
bad and this is when I learn my travel hacks.
So, beauty hack, I leave a little bit of conditioner
in my hair I rinse it out maybe like half
- half rinse - half rinse and leave-in half
of the conditioner specifically on my ends
so that my hair is softer, right.
Rather than rinsing it all out then it gets
more tangled and I also didn't bring a brush,
so, I'm just like using my hand to brush out
my hair.
I don't have any of my hair cream, hair products
with me, I usually put like some [?] in
the tips of my hair, um, but I have my face
moisturizer which has like shea butter and
jojoba oil in it so I'm gonna use that on
the tips of my hair.
So, another little beauty travel hack for
you.
Actually, this is really nice, I've never
done this before, but it makes sense to me,
so, and it's working.
Some beauty travel hacks one-on-one.
Be sure to check out my video for more beauty
travel hacks, we'll leave a link in the description box
below.
That was such a fun trip, I got to see some
of my favorite people and be in sunny California
weather - which was super nice.
But now, I'm heading to the airport and I've
packed my bag and the best thing about it
is it took under five minutes to pack it all
up and this is it.
I had everything that I needed, I used everything
that I brought, there wasn't one thing that
I didn't use and I also didn't feel like I
needed anything else.
The hotel had everything else that I needed
which was awesome and I feel so much lighter.
I feel like - I don't know, it's just such
a different feeling to feel like I was able
to survive from 10 items, feel good, look
good and know that I used everything that
I brought and it wasn't just like a waste
of space.
So, 10 item challenge successful, I'm definitely
doing it again and I challenge you to do it
as well.
