Now, the purpose of this trip is to see how
the Icelandic people are inspired by nature
and take that inspiration and infuse it in
their art, their food, their culture.
Iceland is an island, so no other countries
border it and the winters there are very long
and the daylight during the winter time is
a very minimal.
So, the locals have learned how to be very
resourceful and efficient.
- During our trip, we're seeing spectacular
views and we're visiting local businesses
to see how the artistic side of Iceland thrives.
- Oh, we're here!
We've made it back to the East!
- It's awesome!
- We just picked up our car, we got a really
sweet Land Rover which is necessary for driving
here, especially at this time of year and
we are going to be starting in the East and
going along the South coast, visiting beautiful
locations along the way and getting some wellness
travel in as well, aka hot springs.
That's what you do in Iceland.
- Go baby.
- Okay, first things first...
When I'm arriving in a new place, take me
to your food, I'm hungry!
Gotta eat...
Which is why we are visiting Oscar, which
is a wood fired pizza parlor combined with
a brewery and they mix unexpected ingredients
in their food as well as their beer.
- Wasabi and beer shouldn't really go together,
but now that I'm tasting it, it tastes really
good, and they even have a beer infused with
pine and to get their pine, they actually
go for a hike in the woods.
All the Brewers and employees there, they
go find some pine trees, cut down some branches,
bring it back to their brewery and start making
beer.
It doesn't get more local than that.
- Kai and I got a vegan pizza, vegan cheese,
we got dates on it, peanuts, roasted peanuts
and arugula, tomato sauce [?] vegan with Mayo.
I'm loving how there's so many vegan options
in Iceland.
It's really become a bigger thing and then
all over the world which is really nice as
a person who tries to eat plant-based and
gluten-free as well.
And having those options when I travel is
awesome...
Easily too, easily accessible.
Peanuts are an interesting part...
Crunchy, salty...
Mmm, and I like the smoky flavor.
And the dates are sweet, kind of like adding
pineapple on pizza, how you get that sweetness.
Oh yeah, it's good!
It's good.
Kai?
- I was curious to try that one.
- Yeah, you should try.
- I also got a vegan pizza but I didn't - I
wanted to try the dates and nuts and I've
never had peanuts on a pizza.
- Here baby.
She seems to like it.
- This is really good, this is really good.
- She's definitely a Siya child; pizzaholic.
- Next up on this road trip is a geothermal
hot pool floating on a frozen lake... What!
- Welcome to Iceland's first and currently
only geothermal floating pools.
We have been making it a point to do more
wellness activities when we travel, and I
think it's really important if you can incorporate
a wellness activity at the beginning and the
end of your trip is ideal because it gives
you a chance to really relax and reset and
have your mind kind of like be present throughout
the rest of your trip.
When you do something like this at the beginning
and then at the end, it gives you a chance
to just you know, relax before you head home.
And I mean, I would do it in between, every
day because... look at this place.
If you can do things like this when you travel...
this is - this is the best, the best!
This is the fashion in Iceland.
It's very like 2025, so that's why you haven't
seen in North America...
I'm just joking.
It allows you to float in this beautiful geothermal
pool.
Okay, bye.
I'm off to float.
I love geothermal pools and fox baths is next
level.
This place is absolutely stunning and the
water is so clean, so pure and so hot you
can drink tea right out of it.
In fact, you can right there.
They have a tea station set up at the spa.
So you get your hot water and then you get
your tea...
There's different options here, today we have
blackcurrant, chamomile mint and birch and
there's many others specifically throughout
the summer and all of it is grown locally.
It is dinnertime baby!
And what other place to hit up than at Nielsen.
If you're driving the route that we are taking,
you got to hit it up because this place takes
like artistic culinary expression to the next
level.
Thank you.
I got the fennel dish and it's got pickled
beets, a couple smoked beets, fennel of course,
rhubarb and some frutines (?). And the fennel
came from a farmer who was about to run out,
so the chef here went over and got all the
fennel and now I'm eating it.
Wow!
First of all, anything in vegetables in general,
a lot of people think they can just - they
just boring.
You just boil them add a little salt or something...
This is like next-level vegetable.
It's smoky, it's crunchy, it's creamy...
It's like a salty smoky flavor.
It's delicious.
Mmm, Kai, you have to try this.
Try this baby.
Kai?
Kai?
- I got like local lamb with potatoes, some
kale...
I don't normally eat lamb.
I kind of shivers, and all buttery goodness,
beautifully tenderized, super, super tender.
Like almost, just falls apart when I'm chewing
on it.
Incredible and paired so well with the potatoes.
The two mix together are just a match made
in heaven.
- We have stopped at a Viking cafe in the
middle of the mountains and there's all these
bones from whales cuz we're right by the sea.
Crazy looking and there's some antlers from
reindeer it looks like.
Alright, I got my coffee to warm up a little
bit, some muffins for the road and we're gonna
go and check out this area.
We bought a ticket.
It's 900 Kroners per person and it lets you
enter in.
There's a lot to see; black sand beach, there's
like an old movie set, there might be some seals...
I don't know, we're gonna go in and check
and find out, so let's do that right now.
- I am falling in love with Iceland!
It is a photographer's dream location.
I can really see why so many people from around
the world visit this island.
And in some places you visit, you go to see
nature...
But in Iceland, you're immersed in it, you're
surrounded by it.
It's like you're driving through a movie set
of like a spectacular place on earth but it's
real and it's all around you.
The East Coast has been so beautiful and so
diverse.
We went from being in a snowstorm and now
I'm standing on a black sand beach with this
incredible backdrop.
This is like right out of one of those beautiful
desktop pictures that you have and like oh
my god! Is that real!
I'm here, look at this! This is real!
- Get up...
Come on, faster, faster, faster, faster, faster.
You can do it...
Yeah...
- Your entertainment for tonight...
Miss Kai River.
Go Kai, that's your cue.
- So, where are we headed?
- I believe it's pronounced cougerfoss.
- Goðafoss...
- Actually I'm not, but I don't believe it's
pronounced that way.
But when you read it, it sounds like, or reads
as cougerfoss.
It's a waterfall.
- Awesome...
Is this the larger waterfall or the like the
skinnier one that we were looking at.
- It's called - it's the larger one.
- Okay.
- I mean, there's so many waterfalls.
On our drive so far, we've seen what?
Like at least 20, 30 but these are like two
very popular ones that they say like you must
see when you're driving along the southern
coast.
- There are a lot of waterfalls in Iceland,
we've seen in the last day and a half... 20 to 30.
By that, consider the ones you got to come
and see, that's why there's so many people
at this one specifically.
So romantic.
So big!
- Say hi...
Hi waterfall.
Hi waterfall.
Say Hi...
- Hiiii.
- If you are coming here at this time of year,
which is like November/December...
Don't slip, because it's very slippery, it's
also very beautiful but very slippery.
- I was mentioning earlier that there are so many waterfalls all over Iceland and there
some specifically that people tell you you
have to visit, like the one we just saw which
was magnificent.
But I am really liking these little hidden
ones that we're finding along our drive, like
this one specifically.
I actually prefer this one to the popular
tourist attraction that we were just at.
It's so magical and no one is here and I just
love the way it's falling, its super tall... Beautiful.
- It is about 4:00 p.m. right now and that
is because as we get closer to winter time
or December, the days get shorter, so there's
less light today.
So you have to start your days really early
because the only go like five hours of sunlight.
And this is also the time of the year when
the Icelandic people become more creative
because they are spending more time indoors
or in darkness, it just like sparks creativity
which is interesting.
That could be creating a new dish, coming
up with a new dish for a restaurant, it could
be music, it could be designing a building
and a lot of the art here is inspired by nature
and I mean, just driving around to the last
few days [Inaudible] because everywhere you
look, you could be inspired by something.
So is studying (?) here.
- Kristen has been talking about this place
for the past ten years.
That was the last time she was here and I
can't wait.
I have been thinking about this day.
I now it's finally here.
- And Kai's with us but babies actually can't
come in if they're under two years old, but
we're just gonna take turns and still we'll
enjoy ourselves.
- Ending the trip at the Blue Lagoon...
You have to.
It's like a rule when you come to Iceland.
I first came here ten years ago, it's gotten
a lot bigger since then, but this is like
nature and architecture when it comes together
at its finest.
This place is stunning, it's also super good
for you; the minerals in here are really good
for your body to relax you, perfect before
taking a flight home which I don't want to do.
But for now, I'm gonna go enjoy the Blue Lagoon,
get a face mask, I need to go to the bar...
Just you know, relax, soak it all in.
There is a mask bar here and there are four
different types of masks; there's a complimentary
silica mask and then there's four others you can pay for or it can become part of the premium package.
So, I'm doing two masks...
First I'm starting with the lava scrub then
I'm gonna do the algae mask.
So, lava scrub like gets rid of the first
layers of skin, dry skin and then the algae
mask will hydrate from within and get rid
of fine lines and wrinkles and make me look
like I'm 20 again!
Well, maybe not that young.
So, back when I was here ten years ago, we
used to have silica mud at the bottom of the
lagoon that you could just like pick up and
put on your body but they don't do that anymore,
so this is the alternative, you can just go
to the mask bar.
Oh, feels like - I love pampering myself.
I feel like having an alcoholic drink.
It was like a very natural you know, healthy
thing for your body and is kind of contradicting,
so I went for the healthier option.
