Hi everyone, welcome to home your 30 day yoga journey. It's day 10. Can you believe it?
And today we ground
Let's get started
Alright pals today's practice is standing. So even if you're coming to the session a little bit tired
It's all good, but we are going to stay
on our feet today, we're going to use the breath to soften any hard edges and
ultimately, the session is an invitation and reminder to keep coming back to this
idea of grounding in what feels good or what feels
true, what feels supportive, right? this idea of like no pain no gain
does not apply here
It could apply in other areas of your life. I'm not, that's really not my role to say it, but it doesn't apply here
so a little opportunity to ground in what feels good and also we'll continue to build
a strong foundation so we can grow some of our postures throughout the rest of this journey
Here we go! feet together if it feels right for you here at the start
If for whatever reason you're feeling a little bit off-balance
Let's start by grounding with what feels good by just giving yourself a little more space getting your bones
Underneath you giving yourself a wider base
So if you are in a posture at any time throughout this journey
And you feel things are too narrow or you're about to tip over you can always experiment with widening your base
It's a great way to modify. So we're here
Alright here
Tadasana Mountain Pose, let's begin. We've already begun start to find a gentle lift up through the front body
And
Welcome a little grounding energy through the back body
If you feel comfortable soften your gaze or close your eyes
And send your awareness right away here down to the soles of your feet or if you're modifying
This session even further just send your awareness to your foundation. Whatever that is for you that which is touching the earth or
A surface that's holding you
You can just feel that connection to whatever surface is kind of meeting your body
And
Then from that surface hang with me
See if you can
ground down and on your next inhale use that connection that
Downward push to lift to pull up in the body
particularly the spine
And I'll try to maintain that if you're like I don't quite find that Adriene no worries let's let's continue and just keep working here
remembering yesterday's invitation to treat this time as
self-study, you know and
Time to examine and explore not necessarily to check the boxes or get it, right?
Begin to deepen your breath gently finding it nice full inhale and
Seeing if you can enjoy a nice long long long exhale
Great big full inhale breathe in maybe ground down as you lift the heart up high lifting up through the spine
And then on the exhale we soften while maintaining that connection that activation to the earth
We stay grounded within the dance the kind of expansion and contraction
That our breath teaches us which is right is right. This is like kind of a great metaphor of her life, right?
What goes up must come down the cyclical nature of things. So if you're like I'm so
Expand my heart is open. I'm just like all an expansion you can bet your bottom dollar that you're going to feel
The contraction but what we can control is kind of how we move
In and out of that
Through practice of grounding
Finding what it feels like to be grounded weak kind of control that make that
that loop feel
More in control or at least
more present easier on the mind in the body
Ready for a big stretch
Let's have the breath lead the way so synchronize the breath with the movement the movement with the breath inhale to reach for the sky
big stretch
Exhale float the fingertips down
Now in your next inhale
see if you can ground with the upper just touching the earth even more sand your awareness down as you inhale lift up high and
Exhale floating the fingertips to your side last one. Here we go big inhale
And exhale
Awesome, slowly draw the hands to the waistline here. Pull the elbows back begin to open up through the chest
Inhale and exhale drop the chin to the chest
Inhale carve a little line scuse me with your nose up towards the sky
and exhale chin to chest
draw your shoulder blades together
Inhale carve a line with the nose look up ground through the heels notice. Have you come into the toes exhale chin to chest and
inhale really be attentive with the feet or that which is touching the earth for you here India Luca and
exhale chin to chest
Excellent. Keep the elbows back shoulder blades drawing together and melting down the back body as you slowly step the right foot forward
So if you're sideways on the mat like me you'll want to turn to
the front edge of your mat
we're just going to step the right foot forward and
Then the left foot back and your left toes are going to point towards the front left corner of your mat right toes straight ahead
Now my Center is going to want to come out
From underneath me a bit here soft bend in that front knee as you lengthen your tailbone down
You're going to feel a great opening in the left hip crease here
This femur is snuggling in we pull the right hip crease back this femur snuggling in and then if you feel like whoa
a little bit
off balance
Widen your base
Great pyramid posture hands again on the waistline
We lift the heart inhale in
Actively pull your right hip crease back or draw your lower belly up and in as you send your gaze forward
give yourself the image of looking down and slightly out in front as if you were trying to lean forward to see your
reflection in a body of water
Now try to maintain all of this while pressing into the outer edge of that back foot I'm going to invite you to
Activate this back leg by lifting your left kneecap charging up your left inner thigh
Mm-hmm and
Then maybe we continue the journey down a little bit more to a flat back position. Maybe not. This is a difficult posture
So squeeze your energy into the midline start to put all of your vocabulary together
Ground down through the feet keep the neck nice and long. We're not dropping here
you're here breathing deep for one more cycle in and
out
Good slowly rise up strong
beautiful
Draw your navel in and up trying to maintain this core connection throughout the rest of this practice ready
Turn the right toes in turn the left toes out. You can step this back foot up now
Your right toes are pointing towards the front
Right corner your new front of the mat front right corner
Nice wide base
Hands to the waistline
Again, there's a tendency for the kind of long puppy belly to happen here draw the navel in and up lengthen tailbone down
You're gonna feel that then in your right hip
That strong grounded feeling like Oh back legs rooted strong
And here we go draw the shoulder blades together inhale in
Imagine you're looking out in front as the hips go back. We peel the left hip crease back
We stay grounded through all four corners of the feet. We reinforce this connection and the outer edge of the right foot
Now activate lift your right knee cap to tone your right quad keep your right inner thigh engaged you got to bring the breath
Gazing forward hugging the lower ribs in maybe you come to a flat back position here. Maybe you're like, okay
Wow, this is a new shape
interesting
Breathe
We're not locked out through this left knee that's a tendency here just a little tiny tiny been lots of awareness
in the joints always
Take one more deep breath in see if you can tuck the chin just slightly
And the long exhale out
Good rise up strong from Center navel draws in and up
Beautiful we're gonna turn the left toes in we're you know right back to the other side this time palms together
Anjali mudra at the heart if you're like, no way I'm keeping hands on the waistline great
You know that that's there for you lift the sternum to the thumbs here find the link this time
We're gonna inhale look all the way up towards the sky as you breathe in
Exhale tug back with the right hip crease begin to lean forward
Maybe you go a little lower this time, maybe not
soft bend in that front knee
Beautiful if the fingertips want to come down here. Obviously. You're welcome
To own it
Great grounded through the legs
building strength
Strong spine
Slowly, let's rise back up this way. You can carry your groceries when you're 90, but also carry your neighbors groceries
right
Talk about extra. Let's take it to the left
Hand your neighbors neighbors, okay palms together Anjali mudra find your footing
Inhale in lift the sternum look up as you look up
So as we inhale and find this lift
We find this grounding down just like we did in Mountain Pose and then exhale peel the left hip crease back
Send it forward
Long neck here shoulders tugging away from the ears
Activate that back leg breathe deep here
So this image of kind of drawing your navel?
Sucking it up towards your spine is going to help bring the front body to meet the back body here kind of defying gravity
I love yoga
You're like yeah, we get it Adrian we get it yoga with adriene. Okay. Here we go
Inhale in exhale come all the way back up
All right if your legs are tired
wonderful way to meet your edge toes are going to go forward and
Then we're going to step or hop the feet together. If you liked the heel toe move that we've already learned
Go ahead and bring it together is a bit uptight
inhale in here
Exhale bring your fingertips down Mountain Pose, Tadasana
All right from here. We're gonna cross the right leg over the left. Try to keep your left foot firmly planted on the earth
So it's going to want to come up here. The heel is going to want to come up
inhale exhale
Draw the shoulders down the back body try to maintain that as we then bring the palms together
Nice opening through the chest inhale in exhale. You're gonna bend through the knees send the hips back
So we keep this micro bend in the knees as we come all the way down
Hands can stay at the heart or we can release the fingertips down
Let the weight of your head go here breathe deep try to stay grounded through all four corners of the feet here
If you like to walk or run or jog, I'm sure this is in your tool belt if not
Maybe consider
Sneaking it in
To come out of the posture ground through the feet bring the hands back Anjali mudra is Slavin in the knees
This is going to activate from Center
So if you're familiar with booty in Abunda this lock you're gonna draw the navel in and up
Think of this coming from your lower belly. If you're new to the practice coming all the way up
Rolling up great. We're gonna release and just switch right on to the other side so ground through the right foot cross the left ankle
over the right
Pressing down through all four corners of the feet inhale find length exhale drop the shoulders down the back body
Let's try to maintain that as we now keep a little micro bend in the knees and the hips back
And come forward
Stay here palms pressing together you can use this as a little bit of a fulcrum just for some stability
Or if it feels right fingertips can come down will relax the weight of the head over
everyone breathe deep full loving breaths
We gain so much more out of the practice so
much more when we
remember
That layer of breath when more than that when we prioritize
that depth of breath I
always say get your money's worth, but then it's always kind of funny because this is all free but
Do you know what I'm talking about? Take one more breath here big inhale and
Use your exhale to with control ground through the feet come back up nice as well
All the way up let's cross the ankles bring the feet together really together or hip width apart if that's your jam
Inhale in exhale bend the knees send the hips back way back fingertips are going to go forward
Here we go Kurtis on you got this
Ground through the heels keep the ball joint of the big toe ball jointed the pinky toe mound on the earth
In fact, go ahead and take a look down lift your toes lift your toes
This is that four part equals standing training is almost DP he'd practice all four corners of the feet
Good inhale in here
Exhale sink a little lower draw the low belly in four three
Two stand up tall one big inhale open up through the chest
Lift your heart and exhale hands come together
Namaste awesome. Just take a second here to notice how you feel
If you can detect any tightness any
Tension or stress in the body you go ahead and find some soft easy movement here even shake it out
Then as you're ready bring your palms to your heart so that you can feel the warmth of your
Hands, either on your heart or you're a figurative heart space wherever it feels really yummy
Then find a gentle bow of the head this kind of reverent bow
Close your eyes observe your breath
And if you haven't heard
The phrase or the message?
The mat is a mirror
It's my pleasure to share it with you here today
Let's keep this in mind each time. We add a new theme a new intention
There's an opportunity to take whatever you're working with on the mat and make a home for it
Allow it to serve you teach you reflect back to you
You guys are doing great thank you so much for sharing your time and energy with me what a wonderful journey we were on together
Bring the palms together thumbs up to the third eye inhale, lots of love in
And exhale lots of love out
Stay anchored in love. I love you guys so much. I'll see you tomorrow
Namaste
You
