We now have seen the full 60 minute interview out 
of which Donald Trump abruptly walked last week.  
And it's as embarrassing as it is hilarious.
It says dystopian as it is preposterous. And  
we're going to look at it. This is the 
interview that took place a few days ago  
last week. Leslie Stahl was interviewing Donald 
Trump at the White House for less. Last night,  
60 Minutes episode. And Trump abruptly walked 
out early, threaten to release an uncut version  
of the interview and did so, proving nothing 
other than he's a moron. Now we have a full  
proper airing from 60 Minutes, and I want 
to get right into it. In this first clip,  
Donald Trump just whines. There is no other way 
to say it. He whines like he's an underprivileged,  
oppressed person rather than the most powerful 
person in the world. He whines about how Joe Biden  
doesn't get interview questions that Trump wants 
him to get. And then this is really wild. Trump  
brings up Obama's spied on me and you don't talk 
about it. Leslie and Leslie Stahl explains. We  
can't air stuff that we can't find evidence 
for. And it gets ugly and it gets hilarious. 
I wish you would interview Joe Biden like 
you interviewed me. It would be so good. 
You know what you think that is? I 
thought I thought you had my mind on it. 
But when I watch him walk out of his store 
and he's walking with ice cream and the  
question the media asked him, what kind of 
ice cream, what flavor? Ice cream do you.  
And he's in the midst of a scandal.
He's not. And he's taking  
his Lawsie nicely Kaleigh courses. It's the 
biggest second biggest scandal. So the biggest  
scandal was when they spied on my campaign, they 
spied on my campaign. There's no real evidence of  
that cause there is no over place. Leslie so spied 
on my campaign and they got. Can I say something?  
You know, this is 60 Minutes and we can't 
put on things. We can't pass it on because  
it's bad for Biden. We can't work on things we 
can't very. Leslie. They spied on my campaign.  
We can't. It's been totally verified now.
It's been just go down and get the papers.  
They spied on my campaign. They got caught. No. 
And then they went much further than that and they  
got caught. And you will see that, Leslie, and 
you know that. But you just don't want to know. 
As a matter of fact, I don't know that.
Now, what I wish Leslie Stall would have asked  
is, Mr. President, sir, as he likes to say, I will 
look into this Obama Biden crime if you can tell  
me what law you believe was broken, what crime 
was actually committed here, because Trump doesn't  
know Trump is lost in his own conspiracy theory. 
We've seen it before when he's actually asked,  
what are you alleging? He says, come on, you know 
what it is, unless you're part of the fake news  
covering it up. Pathetic Trump. And remember, 
Trump thinks this interview makes him look good.  
That's one of the most delusional parts of 
this. Trump then asked whether insulting  
people on Twitter is a good idea. Trump 
says it is. But the most notable thing  
here is Trump complains more that Leslie Stall's 
questions are inappropriate and again complains  
about the questions given to Joe Biden. 
And then he just gets up and leaves. 
Do you think that your tweets and your 
name calling are turning people off? 
No, I think I wouldn't be here if I didn't have 
social media. The tone here is fake. And frankly,  
if I didn't have social media, I'd 
have no way of getting it in my voice. 
Do you know what you told me a long time 
ago when I asked why you keep saying fake  
media? Yeah. You said to me, I say that 
because I need to disc discredit you  
so that when you say negative things about me, no 
one will believe I don't have to discredit you.  
But that's what you discredited yourself. You 
know, I didn't want to have this kind of anguish.  
You did? No, I didn't push it. No, I did. 
Well, then you brought up a lot of subjects.  
Well, I said approximately tough 
questions. They were inappropriate. 
Right from the beginning. Now, your first question 
was, this is going to be tough questions. Why you  
don't ask Joe Biden. I saw your interview with 
Joe the interview. I never did a Joe wasn't Joe. 
The interview, 60 Minutes. I see Joe 
Biden giving softball after softball.  
I've seen all of his interviews. He's 
never been asked a question. That's hard. 
Okay. But forget him for. You know, when 
you start president. Your president. 
Excuse me, Leslie, you started 
with me. Your first statement was. 
Are you ready for tough questions, 
are you? That's no way to no Ed.. 
Leslie, one on one side at this point. 
One of our producers interrupted to  
advise about the time remaining in the interview.
I think we have enough of an interview here. OK,  
that's enough. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go 
meet for two seconds. OK. Thanks. I'll see  
a little. Thanks.
Be careful. 
Can you imagine a more whiny president 
whine, whine, whine. And then I think  
we have enough. He says, I think we have 
enough. Bye-Bye. Here is the moment where  
Trump actually does the walking out in Press 
Secretary Kelly McCann, and he comes in with  
that oversize book. And it's it's just total 
cringe. I would be ashamed to be Kaley McEnany.  
She deserves never to work again after this 
nightmare is over. There's actually a long  
list of people associated with this clown 
that deserve to never work again. But I mean,  
this is just if you're allergic to cringe, 
I would probably turn away at this point. 
We were scheduled to take a walk with the 
president around the White House grounds.  
I've got a lot of questions I didn't ask 
while we waited to see if the president was  
coming back. His press secretary, Kaley 
McEnany, came in with a hand delivery. 
Presently, the president want me to deliver 
his health care plan a little heavy.  
Oh, my God. This is his health care plan. Yes. OK. 
Kelly, thank you. You're welcome. Now, the vice  
president is certainly. OK. And the president's 
not coming back. The president getting a laugh. 
It was heavy, filled with executive 
orders, congressional initiatives,  
but no comprehensive health plan.
So not all the pages were blank. There  
was actually some stuff in there. Meaningless 
stuff. And as Leslie Stahl points out.  
Nothing in there about Trump's supposedly 
forthcoming health care plan. Trump again raises  
this idea that covered cases are rising merely 
because of more testing. He's sticking with that. 
Four years ago, you were behind 
in the polls, as you are now.  
And you pulled it out. But this time 
you have kind of a double Migrante.  
You have unemployment claims going 
up. You have covered cases going up. 
I mean, it's like the gods have suddenly decided 
decided to conspire against each other. So, no,  
I think. Well, what about Jeb with kov it, sir? 
Excuse me. Cases are up and about 40 states. 
No cases are up. Also, because we do more testing, 
the fake news media loves to say cases are up.  
The fact is, we've done a very, 
very good job as we have done.  
That's right. Because we're doing so much testing.
There is increased testing. But according to the  
Colvert tracking project, that doesn't account for 
all of the rise in new cases sweeping the country  
or the 40 percent increase in 
hospitalizations in the past month. 
Understand that this is an easily debunked big 
lie. Testing is up four percent over the last  
week. Cases are up 21 percent. If you want to 
make the case that cases are only up because  
testing is up. If you test 10 percent more and 
find 10 percent more cases, you might be able to  
make that argument. You might be able to make the 
argument that this is roughly the number of cases  
that was there all along were just testing more 
people and making more of those cases official.  
But when you test four percent more in cases go 
up 21 percent and hospitalizations are up, you  
understand that it's a lie. This is an existential 
threat. This man is an existential threat that  
must be removed and he's lying to you every 
day. Whether he understands that the math of it.  
Probably not. But he is lying every day. And then 
lastly on Trump, before we move to one pence clip,  
Leslie Stall. Good for her. Calls out 
Trump on the health care plan that he's  
been promising for months. And Trump says 
we're going to announce it very, very soon. 
You promised that there was 
going to be a new health package,  
health care plan. You said 
that it was going to be great.  
You said it's ready. It's going to be ready and 
it'll be here in two weeks. It's going to be like  
nothing you've ever seen before. And of course, 
we haven't seen it. So why didn't you develop? 
A health plan is developed. It is fully 
developed. It's going to be announced very soon  
when we see what happens with Obamacare.
If the Supreme Court ends this Obamacare,  
well, we're gonna have to see what happens.
I think I I hope that the end  
it'll be so good of them if they end 
up people with preexisting conditions  
will be stranded. And that's just a fact.
It's in a. A new plan will happen. Well,  
we won't do anything. Will and is. We 
won't do anything. And no plan unless  
we have preexisting conditions coverage.
Of course, at this point, I don't know that  
anybody believes that. This plan actually exists. 
Remember that in August, Donald Trump said to  
Chris there's video of Trump promising it in 2017 
and 2018 and 2019. But more recently, in August,  
Trump said during that bizarre interview with 
Chris Wallace, we are going to sign a new health  
care bill into law in two weeks. And, of course, 
it's almost November at this point. It probably  
doesn't exist. Here is Leslie Stall after Trump 
walked out asking Vice President Mike Pence why  
did Donald Trump end his interview early? Pence 
just has no idea how to respond. Take a look. 
While our interview with the 
president did not go forward to the  
one scheduled with the vice president, did.
So what just happened with the president? 
Leslie? President Trump is a man who speaks his 
mind. I think it's one of the great strengths  
that he's had. But he was president of the 
United States. And the American people always  
know where they stand. Biden is always ready and 
the American people know that in this time, it's  
it's it's less about the back and 
forth with the media. And it's  
it's really more about how we bring 
this country all the way back. 
What? Why did Trump leave? Mr. Vice President, 
the president is always ready, Leslie. The  
president is always ready. An embarrassment. But 
remember, Trump as a narcissist probably can't  
even acknowledge or comprehend that this was an 
embarrassment. And in fact, Trump thought the raw,  
uncut video make made him look good. And 
he released it a few days ago. I do think,  
despite Donald Trump's weaponized narcissism 
and inability to feel shame. I do think if he  
loses to Biden the way he might lose if we all get 
out and vote and the votes are counted properly.  
I actually do think Trump may be ashamed by by 
losing to Joe Biden badly because he's alluded to  
it. He said, can you imagine if I lost to this 
guy? Can you imagine if I lost to this worst  
candidate or whatever it is that he says? I 
think that that will actually bring shame to  
Donald Trump. Just a bonus primary reason 
to vote Biden is to start writing the ship  
of the United States very far down the list. 
But interesting nonetheless, is Donald Trump  
actually being ashamed of being brutally 
defeated by Joe Biden? Let's make it happen
